Add warning for assign command (#340)
AY2425S1-CS2103T-F08-2/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

* No person in the displayed list can be tagged with any of the given study group name before assigning.
* Input study group names must not have duplicates.

<div markdown="span" class="alert alert-warning">:exclamation: **Caution:**

> The `assign` command will randomly assign participants to study groups. However, it cannot ensure an equal distribution of participants when provided with a small number or participants. For e.g., assigning 2 participants to 2 study groups can result in one group with 2 participants, and the other group with no participants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `assign` command will randomly assign participants to study groups. However, to ensure true randomness, it cannot ensure an equal distribution of participants per group when provided with a small number of participants. For e.g., assigning 2 participants to 2 study groups can result in one group with 2 participants, and the other group with no participants. It is thus ideal for large sample sizes.
```

> The `assign` command will randomly assign participants to study groups. However, to ensure true randomness, it cannot ensure an equal distribution of participants per group when provided with a small number of participants. For e.g., assigning 2 participants to 2 study groups can result in one group with 2 participants, and the other group with no participants. It is thus ideal for large sample sizes.

Author: ```suggestion
The `assign` command will randomly assign participants to study groups. However, to ensure true randomness, it cannot ensure an equal distribution of participants per group when provided with a small number of participants. For e.g., assigning 2 participants to 2 study groups can result in one group with 2 participants, and the other group with no participants. It is thus more ideal for large sample sizes.
```
